Whenever VST® is used or the SDK has been used to create a product or the SDK is included (Open-source GPLv3 case), it is required to add the reference to Steinberg by using the VST compatible logo as supplied by Steinberg. Included in the VST 3 SDK, the VST compatible logo can be found in the folder VST_SDK/VST3_SDK/vst3_doc/artwork.

This logo exists in different forms: with and without the trademark text, black on white and white on black. If you choose the logo without the trademark text, you have to include the following statement somewhere:

"VST is a trademark of Steinberg Media Technologies GmbH, registered in Europe and other countries."           I really have no clue. Anyone who doesn't know Steinberg developed VST in the 1990s and has updated from VST to VST2 to now VST3. The SDK they provide allows for JUCE to build the VST3 projects and other functions.      
I'm not entirely sure where Steinberg wants the message put so I've included this file in event they want the message included. On a personal note I consdier VST to be a generic term synonmous with plugin control over generic terms is silly IMO
as it is a standard IMO not a simple brand mark. This is my opinion. If Steinberg wants me to think the plugin format that I have been using for close to 30 years is not standardized that is their call. I will continue to use the term VST as a word
I generally use to describe windows based plugins. While there are now new plugin formats like clap, and aax has been around for a while specifically for pro tools which I have never really used, I can't say VST should 
really be a trademark as it such a wide standard I'm not sure if it can be classified as a simple brand, or exclusively used by Steinberg because it is proliferated across thousands of products. While I could see VST as a standard
whose original patents have expired  - if not for EU considering some software code copyright rather than a patent etc.. it becomes incredibly complex, I'm still not legally convinced that VST is not a word in itself and common
words are not suppose to be trademarked. FOr me it is a word and will remain a word but I can recognize Steinberg likes to house every generation of this technology under the term it made 30 years ago. This is no different
for me to use Band Aid or Kleenex. Any reference to VST will likely be refering to plugin technology for windows developed by Steinberg. I have no intent to actually piggyback in brand or commercial use or use of their trademarked logo.
I think using a 25 year old brand term is understandable but I think it is wrong minded if it is a standard, not unlike the term MIDI. If I figure out in plain language what they want done with a note or license file I will attempt to 
but its been turned into a bit of legalese withuot any clear file given to upload to github even though they reference it so I have no idea what the are asking. To my knowledge I'm not using their logo so there should be no branding 
confusion that would be created if their logo was use on the plugin. As the product is a VST3 its somewhat of a no brainer that this plugin should be compatible with VST3 hosts - however I've only tested it with FL Studio. If anyone knows
any additional steps that need to be taken with GPLv3 sharing of the source/vst3 binary feel free to contact me and let me know. They don't provide clear explanation of what needs to be done.   I have no idea what other countries 
and I'm not entirely sure why this matters for a GPL style SDK offering.   I can say I am thankful for Steinberg making this publically accesible technology and hopefully it stays that way.
